Add info about userdata remote_addr (#252)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Provisioning_Guide/topics/Virt-VMWare.adoc

You can use the xref:Provisioning_Virtual_Machines_in_VMware_vSphere-Adding_VMware_vSphere_Images_on_the_Satellite_Server[] section to add the image to {Project}.

.Configuring {SmartProxy} to forward user data template

> {Project} must recognize the client IP address in order to serve correct template payload and when clients connects directly to {ProjectServer}, remote IP of the HTTP request can be used. However, when {Project} is deployed with {SmartProxy} templates feature, the callback URL is set to {SmartProxy} endpoint which forwards to the {ProjectServer} with HTTP header information X-Forwarded-For.

Reviewer: Also, this description differs from what is in the web UI. In the web UI I have the following:
`If Satellite is running behind Passenger or a remote load balancer, the IP should be set here. This is a regular expression, so it can support several load balancers, i.e: (10.0.0.1|127.0.0.1)`
Is this expected?

> {Project} must recognize the client IP address in order to serve correct template payload and when clients connects directly to {ProjectServer}, remote IP of the HTTP request can be used. However, when {Project} is deployed with {SmartProxy} templates feature, the callback URL is set to {SmartProxy} endpoint which forwards to the {ProjectServer} with HTTP header information X-Forwarded-For.

Author: > Is this expected?

Yes, the feature was initially written for something else and now it's used for other features. We should probably reword that in core.

To your proposal, you kinda repeat "{Project} is deployed with the {SmartProxy} templates feature" twice which is a bit confusing. I suggest:

If you deploy {Project} with the {SmartProxy} templates feature, you must configure {Project} to recognize hosts' IP addresses forwarded via X-Forwarded-For HTTP header to serve correct template payload.

> {Project} must recognize the client IP address in order to serve correct template payload and when clients connects directly to {ProjectServer}, remote IP of the HTTP request can be used. However, when {Project} is deployed with {SmartProxy} templates feature, the callback URL is set to {SmartProxy} endpoint which forwards to the {ProjectServer} with HTTP header information X-Forwarded-For.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you deploy {Project} with the {SmartProxy} templates feature, you must configure {Project} to recognize hosts' IP addresses forwarded over the X-Forwarded-For HTTP header to serve correct template payload.
```
I am good with your suggestion

> For security reasons, {Project} does recognize this HTTP header only from localhost. For each individual {SmartProxy}, a regular expression in *Administer* > *Settings* > *Provisioning* > *Remote address* must be updated to recognize IP address. From CLI this can be done using the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For security reasons, {Project} only accepts this HTTP header from localhost. For each individual {SmartProxy}, a regular expression in *Administer* > *Settings* > *Provisioning* > *Remote address* must be updated to recognize IP address. From CLI this can be done using the following command:
```

[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> # hammer settings set --name remote_addr --value '^192\.0\.2\.(1|2|3)$'

Reviewer 2: I didn't test this, but with Puma localhost is also a remote proxy which will send `HTTP_X_FORWARDED_FOR`. I think that needs to be always present, or you break non-capsule provisioning.

Author: Which brings us to IPv6 - this should probably be something like `localhost(4|6|4to6)?`. I don't exactly know when OS decides to prefer IPv6 over Ipv4 but on my PC when I connect to Rails (3000 TCP) it uses localhost4to6 address actually.

Amended.

> # hammer settings set --name remote_addr --value '(192.168.122.(1|2|3)'

Reviewer 2: It's a regex, so dots should be escaped. You also miss a closing brace. We should also recommend beginning and end matchers. The example would also match `192.168.122.12`

Also please use IPs from example ranges: https://community.theforeman.org/t/using-ips-and-domains-in-tests-documentation/16600.

```suggestion
# hammer settings set --name remote_addr --value '^192\.0\.2\.(1|2|3)$'
```
